Normalize CredentialsContainer.get() (#35255)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/credentialscontainer/create/index.md

{{APIRef("Credential Management API")}}{{SecureContext_Header}}

> The **`create()`** method of the {{domxref("CredentialsContainer")}} interface creates a new {{glossary("credential")}}, which can then be stored and later retrieved using the {{domxref("CredentialsContainer.get", "navigator.credentials.get()")}} method.

Reviewer: It feels like an omission not to say what a created object is for. Suggestion.

```suggestion
The **`create()`** method of the {{domxref("CredentialsContainer")}} interface creates a new {{glossary("credential")}}, that can be used to authenticate users.
This can be stored and later retrieved using the {{domxref("CredentialsContainer.get", "navigator.credentials.get()")}} method.
```

Author: Actually, having accepted this change, I'm not sure. Do you "authenticate a user _with_ a website"? Or "_to_ a website"? "with" feels like it should apply to the credential not to the RP, e.g. "authenticate with a username and password".

Reviewer: Separating out the parts works. 

I am not certain about "to" vs "with". Above is fine, but we might also do:

```suggestion
The **`create()`** method of the {{domxref("CredentialsContainer")}} interface creates a new {{glossary("credential")}}, which can then be stored and later retrieved using the {{domxref("CredentialsContainer.get", "navigator.credentials.get()")}} method. The retrieved credential can then be used by a website to authenticate a user.
```

Accept your preferred option :-)

Author: I am also not sure whether I like "to" but "with" is surely ambiguous. You version here avoids the issue :).
